CONTENT:

This initial contribution is intended to enable the reuse of work done
by Metrics (dsim) team to code cover the standards package files.  This
was done to ensure that the tool implemented verion of the standard
packages is compliant.  In order to do this a compiled version of the
package (not_ieee) is used to run one version of a test, and the second
verision of the test calls the tool default version of the package.  The
output of the two simulation runs are compared against an expect file.
The expect file contains the expected tool output from both runs.  It is
compared against the output of the actual run.

Though golden file compare is the last choice method for verification,
it enables the actual output of messages to be confirmed which is an
important part of this effort.  If this method is to continue into the
future, each vender will have to produce golden files that will match
the output from their simulation runs.  This is a major drawback of this
test set.

The contents of this test set was initally obtained from Mr Bishop.
From there the file set was reworked and augmented to include
missing operations.

The highlight of this effort was that a couple of dead code sequences
were found in the standards files.  Bug reports were entered against
them.



May 29  status:
numeric_bit tests will now run under the crude run script.  This shows
there are issues to resolve related to compile of some tests.

Once the issues are known/resolved, golden files for GHDL running the
numeric_bit test set will be updated.

The "simulation" directory is where all scripts will be kept, currently
'grun'  a tclsh script will run the numeric_bit tests.  This has been
done very crudely with no review of the output at this time.


May 31 status:
An initial working regression for GHDL is implemented.  There is one issue
that must be resuloved in one test.  Expect files for the output of GHDL
has been added which are a copy of an eye ball inspected actual output.
Now looking at the std1164 group.


June 14 status:
All tests are now included in a test run.  The grun script now takes a
parameter to state the standard to run.


USAGE:

the repo is in place as you are reading this README

navigate to the 'simulation' directory and run the "grun" script
grun is a TCL script and can be run in several ways.
Unix:  chmod + grun    then  ./grun <standard> while being in the simulation dir
Windows:  power shell,  run as you would under Unix,  TCL must be
          installed and accessable.
(windows untested as of yet)


std_pkgs_08/simulation$ ./grun 
Input field required:
    numeric_bit      run tests numeric_bit.tlst
    numeric_std      run tests numeric_std.tlst
    std_logic_1164   run tests std1164.tlst
